wave hello to convenience now you can
turn on your kitchen faucet without
touching it thanks to motion sense moens
innovative hands-free system kitchen
tasks just got faster and easier motion
sense responds to what you need when you
need it there are three unique ways to
control a faucet with motion sense wave
on wave off the wave sensor is on top of
the spout it's perfect for filling a pot
or the same pass your hand across the
top of the spout to turn the faucet on
water continues to flow until you wave
your hand across the sensor again ready
for more there's the ready sensor at the
base of the faucet it detects when an
object is in front of it making it ideal
for washing hands dishes and more look
ma no hands place a dish under the spout
the faucet turns on take it away the
faucet turns off with motion since you
can save water while completing tasks in
the kitchen feeling traditional use a
handle to start the flow of water when
you turn on the faucet using motion
sense you can have a consistent and
comfortable free mix temperature perfect
for many tasks now that's convenient if
you need a warmer or colder temperature
or want to adjust water flow use the
handle hands-free operation also keeps
the kitchen faucet clean and helps
control germs motion sense is always
ready for you to set things in
and it's easy to install just a few more
steps than a standard kitchen faucet
easier operation more efficient
confucian of kitchen tasks better
control of germs even water savings
motion sensed by Mullen design for your
convenience and delight